---
title: Principal's Message
permalink: /about-us/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>As we embark on the journey of 2024, I am excited to share some key insights from the 2023 Workplan Seminar where Minister outlined transformative shifts in the Future of Learning. To prepare our students sufficiently for the future, these measures were announced :</p><p>i)&nbsp;Enhance 21st Century Competencies (21CC) to strengthen students' competencies and dispositions to thrive in school and in the future;</p><p>ii)&nbsp;Harness technology as a capability multiplier to enhance and customise students' learning experiences; and</p><p>iii)&nbsp;Enrich learning experiences through refreshed school environments and partnerships.</p><p>These shifts reflect a collective commitment to preparing our students for the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. The Future of Learning is evolving, and as educators, we are dedicated to staying at the forefront of these changes.</p><p>For our young learners at Wellington Primary School, inventive thinking becomes a guiding principle. It goes beyond problem-solving; it encourages creativity, curiosity, and the exploration of diverse perspectives. We strive to ensure that our classrooms will be spaces where imagination is nurtured, questions are celebrated, and every child is empowered to express their unique thoughts.</p><p>Inventive thinking is not only about finding solutions but also about asking the right questions. <br>We encourage our students to embrace uncertainty and see it as an opportunity for growth. As <br>I emphasized last year, it is important that we prepare our students to navigate an increasingly uncertain and untidy world, and inventive thinking is a powerful tool in achieving this goal.</p><p>To protect our students from the mental health risks from the use of technology and social media, the school will enhance students' cyber wellness by instilling healthy digital habits through the Character and Citizenship Education curriculum as well as Wellington’s own bespoke CyberWellness curriculum.</p><p>We understand that primary school lays the foundation for a lifetime of learning. By embracing these shifts, we aim to create an environment where our students develop a love for learning, <br>build resilience in the face of challenges, and cultivate the inventive thinking skills that will serve them well in their educational journey and beyond.</p><p>As we embark on this exciting educational adventure in 2024, let us celebrate the potential for growth and discovery that these shifts bring. Our aim is to foster an environment where students feel inspired to explore, innovate, and discover their unique capabilities.</p><p>Sincerely,<br>Albert Alfred Alcantara<br>Principal<br>Wellington Primary School</p>